[[self]] [[acorn]]
Hi there, I have been told I am liable for something like £1300+ in council tax arrears that I am under the impression have already been paid! I was a tenant in Lambeth and when my previous flatmates had moved out, I was made responsible for paying the council tax. I initially was using the previous council tax account that they had been paying through, but was informed I needed to set up my own account, which I attempted to do so but by the time this account had been set up by the council, I had already moved out (and was never given notice it had even been set up in the first place). Therefore I paid the remaining months of council tax via the old account so it wouldn't be late. Over a year later I get an email telling me the entire council tax bill hadn't bee paid, because there was no payments on the new account! I was able to provide evidence of bank statements for the payments made from my own bank account which were then transferred to the new account, but Lambeth Council is claiming that unless I can contact the flatmate I haven't spoken to in over a year to get them to send bank statements as evidence (something I had already done a year prior), I will have to pay the 'remaining' balance, which has already been paid on the property via the old account for the period they've given me. I asked them to just look at the old council tax account to see proof that council tax on the property has already been paid over that period of time, but the council has flat-out refused and said it was impossible to do that, alongside giving me contradictory information in different phone calls! I feel extremely hopeless and like I am going to be forced to pay for months of council tax on a property that already had been taxed over that same period of time. I've contacted that old flatmate but I have no idea if they'll respond or be able to produce those statements, and if I have any way to show the council that it's already been paid if they can't. It doesn't seem correct that I am being told to pay again for council tax that has already been collected. To top it off, I can't even check the arrears balance as I've had my access to the council tax account revoked! It doesn't make any sense at all to me and it has greatly affected my mental health trying to deal with all of this. I have no idea how I'm going to pay for this if they hold firm and refuse to see that the council tax on the property has been paid, and I'm scared they will try and take this to court and I will incur fees travelling back to London to fight this. Sorry this is a lot of information, but I wanted to try and lay out as much as possible right now while I waited to be connected.